# Magnus-Linguarum
Here is a step by step on how to download and use the flash card app.
Step 1: Download the Magnus zip file from github.
Step 2: Once the file is downloaded, go ahead and extract the zipped file via your preferred extraction method. (If you're on windows when you go into the zipped file, at the top of the zipped file, you should see an option to extract its contents)
Step 3: Once the file is extracted, go into the extracted file (You will have 2 files in your downloads both named Magnus, one will still be zipped and the other will be open). Once inside the extracted file you will see 3 folders. Go into the folder named ".dist". Inside, you will see the application named "FlashCards"
Step 4: Go ahead and double-click on the "FlashCards" app, ***IMPORTANT*** When you run the file for the first time, windows defender will warn you that this is an unlicensed program, and you'll have to tell it to go ahead and trust the file in order for it to run. To do that on the middle-left side of the pop window will be a little drop arrow. Click it and run the file anyway ***important*** once the app boots up you will be good to use the app!!

(Optional step 1) The app has a "Hear word" button to the left of where you type your answer in. In order to get this to work for each native language so that you can hear the words pronounced correctly. You will need to go into your windows language settings and add the respective language models. German(deutschland), French(France), and Spanish(Mexico). Otherwise, the hear word button will default to "English" and will not give you the proper pronunciation.
(Optional step 2) The app works by comparing values in the attached .csv files found in the "data" folder. You can easily update the words that are on the flashcards by editing the .csv file. Add whichever words you would like with the English -> whatever language you are studying, in the correct column. The columns are labeled at the very top of each txt file.
